I had an interesting day today it seems
that I instigated some March Madness up
in Washington State
so the other night I was talking about
Gonzaga University and I mentioned that
I don't believe Gonzaga exists I think
it's very possible that Gonzaga is a
hoax probably cooked up by the Canadians
to screw up our basketball brackets and
that made some people mad which it
doesn't make any sense
all I said was I don't know where
Gonzaga is I don't know anyone who went
there and I don't know anyone who knows
anyone who went there all I know about
Gonzaga is that in March I hear the word
30 times a day but so now people from
Spokane Washington are claiming that in
Israel and it is located there this even
made the front page of the local
newspapers is today's edition of The
Spokesman Review yes Jimmy Kimmel
Gonzaga exists and another one from the
Bonner County daily be hey Jimmy Kimmel
Gonzaga exists in Spokane will prove it
to you well good luck because I don't
even believe the Bonner County Daily B
exists but and of course many many
individuals weighed in on this online on
Twitter will said Jimmy Kimmel are you
living in a hole how do you not know
what Gonzaga is wake up dude Calvin
wrote for all of us live around the
Spokane area or Eastern Washington and
North Idaho area in general know the
greatness that is Gonzaga not just the
basketball do a little research before
you talk out your ass Kimmel Jimmy
Kimmel Gonzaga is in Spokane
I liked you till now f off I have a
degree from there sign the rear wheel
share dolla some people tried to use
alumni to make their case Roberto said
Jimmy he don't know much probably
haven't heard of mr. Tom Foley from
Spokane who also went to Gonzaga thirty
year US congressman also elected Speaker
of the House hey Jimmy Kimmel ever heard
of Bing Crosby he went to Gonzaga and he
use in Spokane which brought you
Father's Day Spokane also holds the
world's largest timed foot race and
three-on-three basketball tournament
welcome Thank You Sidney says hey Jimmy
I'm proof that Gonzaga University exists
beyond its famed basketball program
I graduated from GU School of
Engineering and had a great career
developing digital cameras cell phones
old LED displays and mixed reality
headsets which that it makes reality
headsets as interesting her job is to
create reality that doesn't actually
exist just like the University she
claims she went to an extended story
about this on the local news business
spoke and reminded Kimmel that he
interviewed a guy named Jon Hamm who
played a guy who went to Gonzaga then a
little film called tag remember that so
they said you do know someone who knows
someone who went to Gonzaga that might
be a bit of a stretch do they know
movies aren't real that cuz that's
there's all these tweets all these
examples these are all these are
circumstantial
I need physical evidence that proves
unequivocally that Gonzaga exists before
I'll believe it and don't say come up
here and see I'm no dummy I know how
that goes I fly in a Spokane I get
picked up at the airport somebody says
yeah I'm with Gonzaga they drive me out
to a middle of a field and then leave me
there of my luggage okay next thing I
know I wake up in a bathtub full of ice
and all three of my kidneys are gone no
thank you
and by the way I filled out my bracket
this afternoon I picked Gonzaga to win
the NC double-a tournament I figured my
thinking is if these guys are so good
they can concoct an imaginary University
and get almost everyone to go along with
it they could easily win a basketball
tournament so go zags is what when they
Zig I go zags and I'll tell you
something they tried to convince us that
Hogwarts was in Scotland too and guess
what that turned out to be a book thanks
for watching if you like that video
click the subscribe button and if you
didn't like it will you hurt my feelings